[ERDE-1280] Add EULA (#10)
refactr/runner-utils: README.md

In most cases, it's recommended to install these extra dependencies as part of your pipelines, however there are some scenarios where it makes sense to preinstall tools when using a self-hosted runner. 

Runners hosted by Refactr provide a larger set of preinstalled packages and additional operating system setup, which allows more supported tools to work out of the box.

> ## End User License Agreement
> 
> Please see [End User License Agreement & Terms of Use](https://www.refactr.it/terms-privacy-security).

Author: ```suggestion
## Terms of Use

Please see [Sophos Services Agreement](https://www.sophos.com/en-us/legal/sophos-services-agreement.aspx) and [Sophos Privacy Notice](https://www.sophos.com/en-us/legal/sophos-group-privacy-notice.aspx).
```
